docs: clarify `.once` listener attachment semantics (#3425)
vuejs/docs: src/api/built-in-directives.md

  - `.capture` - add event listener in capture mode.
  - `.self` - only trigger handler if event was dispatched from this element.
  - `.{keyAlias}` - only trigger handler on certain keys.

>   - `.once` - trigger handler at most once for each listener attachment.

Reviewer: "listener attachment" is not very clear to me. What about:

```suggestion
  - `.once` - trigger handler at most once for each event listener.
```

>   - `.once` - trigger handler at most once for each listener attachment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `.once` - trigger handler at most once for each event listener. The event is removed in native DOM events and ignored (rather than removed) in a component emitted event instance.
```

  `v-on` also supports binding to an object of event / listener pairs without an argument. Note when using the object syntax, it does not support any modifiers.

>   The `.once` modifier removes the listener after its first invocation. If the element or child component is re-created later, a new listener is attached, so it can run once again.

Reviewer: This description is slightly inaccurate given `.once` has different behavior for native DOM elements vs components.

Rather than a dedicated paragraph here though, maybe it makes more sense for it to be described more in depth in the list?

See https://github.com/vuejs/docs/pull/3425/changes#r3521256033
